One of the nice features of up and see is the ability to draw shapes it's possible to draw circles rectangles
lines polygons and different kind of shapes so let's see how that works.
So let us consider this very simple script here we import new pipe and pop and see the libraries and
then we create an image.
You'll see no pide and.
So that zeros is going to create an image where all the values are used in this data structure of 512
pixels by 500 pixels and containing three colors each red green and blue all of them will be set to
zero.
So we're going to have just a black image and this is the encoding of the image.
It will be an inside integer over 8 bits and we'll open CVB can draw different shapes.
For example we can draw a line we can draw a rectangle we can do that and lips.
So for example when you want to draw a line you have to specify in which use you want to draw the line.
You need to specify the start of the line and the end of the line and then the color of the line.
So it's going to be white color because all the three RG dividers would be 255.
And here the thickness of the line for the rectangle is also simple.
You specify the image where you want to draw the rectangle in and you specify the coordinate of the
left top corner and the bottom right corner.
And here the color of the line of the rectangle which would be green in this case.
And finally the thickness.
Same thing also applies for the lips.
And here we specify the coordinates of the center.
The major axis and the minor axis not the start angle and angle thickness and the color as well.
It is also possible to draw polygons and polygons are specified by an array and this array will be provided
as an argument to polyline functions in options you to draw a polygon and also it is possible to put
the text where you specify the location of the text and the font that will be used.
So here we use the font we use the following font here.
Then the color of a text and the thickness of the text.
And finally we can show everything to the image.
So let's try to run this example in a row and here let's go.
So this is our line starting from zero with the last pixel here.
And it has a white color.
This is our rectangle.
Here it is in green as you can see with the coordinates specified you specified the left top and the
bottom right.
And this is our polygon here in the yellow color and we have an ellipse in blue color.
And finally we have a text with the white color here.
So you can see up and see if he also provides functionality draw inside an image.
So one of the uses of drawing is for example in object recognition you can use a rectangle to surround
the object detected and recognize.